Remove directional language: right (#3456)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/your_analytics_dashboards/understanding_your_app_usage_data.md

![Dashboard Screenshot][1]

> > You can click **Show Breakdown** located next to all of the rows of the dashboard statistics to view each statistic's value per day for the time period specified under the **Display Data For** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can click **Show Breakdown** for each row of the dashboard statistics to view each statistic's value per day for the time period specified under the **Display Data For** section.
```
